Release Plan
UCSC Bus Buddy
Team SPARC
Deadline: December 9th, 2013
Version 1.3
Revision Date: 11/07/2013

To create an android app designed for UCSC students using school and
Santa Cruz Metro buses.

High level goals:
Have a main page for the app
Create navigable and easy to use UI
Have the Santa Cruz Metro bus schedule
Have an option for the next closest bus stop at current location
Have bus stop icons on a map overlay
Create a user manual for the app
Completely test the app’s functions and usability

User stories:
Sprint I:
1. As a student user, I want to have the entire bus schedule, so that I
coordinate my schedule around the bus schedule. - 1 points

2. As a student user, I want to know the closest bus stop to me, so that I
can quickly catch the closest bus to me. - 5 points

3. As a developer, I want to build a basic interface, so that I can develop
basic functionality. - 8 points

Sprint II:
1. As a developer, I want each button/option to open another page, so
that I can upload different things to each page. - 2 points

2. As a student user, I must be able to read a user manual of the app,
so that I can know how to use the app. - 5 points

Sprint III:
1. As a student user, I want to be able to know closest stop to me, so
that I can go to that stop. - 13 points

2. As a student user, I want to know when the next bus is coming at my
current location, so I can determine whether I want to wait for the bus now. - 5 points

3. As a tester, I need to be able to test all of the functions implemented
and make sure they are working properly. - 5 points

4. As a student user, I want an easy to use/navigate user interface so
I can effectively use the mobile application. - 8 points

5. As a student user, I want to be able to view the bus schedules
without copying files to the device so that the application is easy to
use. - 1 point

Product Backlog:
- Implement mapping of loop buses currently on UCSC campus.

As a student user, I want to know where the loop buses are at, so that
I would know whether or not I should walk to my destination. - 13 points