Sprint 2 Plan
UCSC Bus Buddy 
Team SPARC
Sprint 2 will be completed on 11/06/13
1.2
Revision Date: 10/24/2013 

Sprint Goals:
- Have an option for the next closest bus stop at current location
- Implement the Santa Cruz Metro Bus schedule
- Have bus stop icons on a map overlay
- Create a user manual for the app

Task Listings: 
User Story 1: As a student user, I want to be able to know the closest
stop to me so that I can go to that stop. - 13 story points

- Get GPS location and calculate closest stop. - 3 hours
Assigned to Sable

- Implement A/B (cross street) button. - 1 hour
Assigned to Sable

- List times on bus stop info pages. - 2 hours
Assigned to Cole

- Display Google Maps pinpoints of desired bus stops. - 4 hours
Assigned to Sable

Total hours: 10 hrs.

User Story 2: As a student user, I want the bus schedule for buses
10-20 displayed on the app, so that I can see it. - 8 story points

- Compile database of bus schedules. - 5 hours
Assigned to Aastha

- Write modules to access bus schedules. - 5  hours
Assigned to Paul

- Create bus schedule page with buttons for all bus routes. - 2 hours
Assigned to Cole

- Populate the full schedule page with times for each bus. - 3 hours
Assigned to Paul

- Add sister stop for each stop in database. - 5 hours
Assigned to Cole

Total hours: 14 hours

User Story 3: As a developer, I want each button/option to open another
page, so that I can upload different features to each page. - 1 story point

- Create a link for main page options to blank pages. - 1 hour
Assigned to Cole

Total hours: 1 hour

User Story 4: As a student user, I must be able to read a user manual
of the app, so that I can know how to use the app. - 5 story points

- Use template for creation of user manual. - 2 hours
Assigned to Aastha

Total hours: 2 hours

Team Roles: 
Aastha Verma: Product Owner, Information Gatherer, Researcher

Sable Yemane: Scrum Master, Artist, Researcher, Information Gatherer

Paul Scherer: Developer

Cole Varner: Developer

Meeting Times:
Tuesday: 4:45 pm
Wednesday: 11:00 am
Thursday: 6:20 pm
