Sprint 3 Plan
UCSC Bus Buddy 
Team SPARC
Sprint 3 will be completed on 12/05/13
Version 1.1
Revision Date: 11/08/2013

Sprint Goals:
- Have an option for the next closest bus stop at current location
- Have bus stop icons on a map overlay
- Completely test the app’s functions and usability
- Create navigable and easy to use UI


Task Listings: 
User Story 1: As a student user, I want to be able to know the closest
stop to me so that I can go to that stop. - 13 story points

- Create a small Google Map cutout for the top of page. - 3 hours
Assigned to Paul 

- Create module to read stop coordinates from database to calculate
closest stop. - 3 hours
Assigned to Sable

Total hours: 6 hours

User Story 2: As a student user, I want to know when the next bus is
coming at my current location, so I can determine whether I want to
wait for the bus now. - 5 points

- Compile database of bus schedules. - 5 hours
Assigned to Aastha

- Write modules to access database of bus schedules. - 5 hours
Assigned to Cole

- Get user's current time and grab next bus times at desired stops. - 3 hours
Assigned to Paul

Total hours: 13 hours

User Story 3: As a tester, I need to be able to test all of the
functions implemented and make sure they are working properly. - 5 points

- Test that each feature is working properly and as designed. - 3 hours
Assigned to Sable

Total hours: 3 hours

User Story 4: As a student user, I want an easy to use/navigate user
interface so I can effectively use the mobile application. - 8 story points

- Display Google Maps pinpoints of desired bus stops. - 4 hours
Assigned to Sable
 
- Implement A/B (cross street) button. - 1 hour
Assigned to Cole

- Create linkable buttons from stop info page to link to schedules. - 3 hours
Assigned to Aastha

- Create button for user manual in settings drop-down. - 2 hours
Assigned to Aastha

Total hours: 10 hours

User Story 5: As a student user, I want to be able to view the bus
schedules without copying files to the device so that the application
is easy to use. - 1 points

- Open files from the app rather than copying to disk. - 1 hour
Assigned to Paul

Total hours: 1 hour

Team Roles: 
Aastha Verma: Product Owner, Information Gatherer, Researcher

Sable Yemane: Artist, Researcher, Information Gatherer

Paul Scherer: Developer

Cole Varner: Scrum Master, Developer

Meeting Times:
Tuesday: 4:45 pm
Wednesday: 1:20 pm
Thursday: 6:20 pm

